ADAM UNGER
PRESIDENT
ACCUTECH SYSTEMS CORP.
115 S WALNUT ST
MUNCIE, IN 47305
DOWLESS CAMERON Quarterly statement
104 E FALCON RUN April 1, 2022 _ June 30, 2022
PENDLETON, IN 46064-9139
ACCUTECH 401(K) RETIREMENT PLAN
Plan id: 471139
Online statements
Sign up for your online retirement plan statement. Get a more in-depth view of your current
account status and history by viewing your retirement account statement online. Visit
principal.com/managestatements to choose how you receive statements in the future.
When you log in, you might notice some changes(cid:190) we’ve made it easier and more secure for
you to access your account.
Account snapshot as of June 30, 2022
Balance
Investment Allocations
$3,174.26
by Asset Class Balance % of Balance
Vested balance Short-Term Fixed Income $0.00
$3,174.26
Fixed Income $0.00
Balanced/Asset Allocation $3,174.26 l
Large U.S. Equity $0.00
Small/Mid U.S. Equity $0.00
International Equity $0.00
Other $0.00
Total $3,174.26 100%ACCUTECH 401(K) RETIREMENT PLAN Please review this statement carefully
Plan id: 471139 and notify us promptly in writing of any
April 1, 2022 _ June 30, 2022 discrepancies within 90 days. After 90
Participant name: DOWLESS CAMERON days, corrections will be made on a
current basis.
What happened this period
Account balance
This quarter This year
Beginning balance $2,427.17 $1,343.89
Additions $1,219.12 $2,403.42
Deducted fees -$7.50 -$15.00
Gain/Loss -$464.53 -$558.05
Ending balance $3,174.26 $3,174.26
Change $747.09 $1,830.37
Contributions
This quarter This year
you $1,219.12 $2,403.42
Total contributions $1,219.12 $2,403.42
These amounts may differ from those on your pay stub when some contributions have not yet been posted on your account.
Investments
Asset Class Balance as of Balance as of
Additions Deducted Fees Gain/Loss
Advisor/Investment 04/01/2022 06/30/2022
Balanced/Asset Allocation
Capital Research and Mgmt Co
Am Fds Trgt Dte Rtm 2065
$2,427.17 $1,219.12 -$7.50 -$464.53 $3,174.26
R6 Fd
Total Balanced/Asset
$2,427.17 $1,219.12 -$7.50 -$464.53 $3,174.26
Allocation
Total Assets $2,427.17 $1,219.12 -$7.50 -$464.53 $3,174.26
Your beneficiaries To change the beneficiaries on your account, go to
www.principal.com/updatebeneficiary.
Designated beneficiary for retirement account funds:
No beneficiary on file.
principal.com 2ACCUTECH 401(K) RETIREMENT PLAN
Plan id: 471139
April 1, 2022 _ June 30, 2022
Participant name: DOWLESS CAMERON
Lifetime income projection
This projection provides you with information about how much monthly income you could collect at retirement based on your
current account balance. The estimated monthly payments in this statement are for illustrative purposes only; they are
not a guarantee. Having this information now may help you plan how much money to save for your retirement.
Below are estimates of how much money you could receive each month if you were to receive payments in one of two
payment forms.
Qualified joint and 100% survivor
Account balance Single life monthly annuity payment
monthly annuity payment for you and your spouse
as of 06/30/2022 at age 67
at age 67
$3,174.26 $18.27 per month for the rest of your life $15.34 per month for the lifetime of you or your spouse
Because these projections do not include any future contributions into your account or any possibility of growth in the market
between now and your planned retirement date, your income in retirement is likely to be different from what is shown above.
For a more holistic view of what your income in retirement could look like, visit the Retirement Wellness Planner on
principal.com.
Single life annuity is an arrangement that pays you a fixed amount of money each month for the rest of your life. Following your
death, no further payments would be made to your spouse or heirs.
Qualified joint and 100% survivor annuity is an arrangement that pays you and your spouse a fixed monthly payment for the
rest of your joint lives. In addition, after your death, this type of annuity would continue to provide the same fixed monthly
payment to your surviving spouse for their life. An annuity with a lower survivor percentage may be available, and reducing the
survivor percentage (below 100%) would increase monthly payments during your lifetime, but would decrease what your
surviving spouse would receive after your death.
The following information is to help you understand these estimated monthly payments.
The estimated monthly payments in this statement assume that your account balance is 100% vested. If you have taken a loan
from the plan and are not in default on the loan, the estimated monthly payments in this statement assume the loan has been
fully repaid.
The estimated monthly payments in this statement assume that payments begin 06/30/2022 and that you are 67 on this date.
Monthly payments beginning at a younger age would be lower than shown since payments would be made over more years.
Monthly payments beginning at an older age would be higher than shown since they would be made over fewer years.
The estimated monthly payments for a qualified joint and 100% survivor annuity in this statement assume that you are married
with a spouse who is the same age as you (even if you do not currently have a spouse, or if you have a spouse who is a different
age). If your spouse is younger, monthly payments would be lower than shown since they would be expected to be paid over
more years. If your spouse is older, monthly payments would be higher than shown since they would be expected to be paid
over fewer years.
The estimated monthly payments in this statement are based on an interest rate of 2.93%, which is the 10-year constant
maturity U.S. Treasury securities yield rate as of 06/01/2022, as required by federal regulations. This rate fluctuates based on
market conditions. The lower the interest rate, the smaller your monthly payment will be, and the higher the interest rate, the
larger your monthly payment will be.
The estimated monthly payments in this statement are based on how long you and a spouse, who is assumed to be your age,
are expected to live. For this purpose, federal regulations require that your life expectancy be estimated using gender neutral
mortality assumptions established by the Internal Revenue Service.
The estimated monthly payments in this statement are the same whether you are male or female. This is required for annuities
payable from an employer's plan. However, the same amount paid for an annuity available outside of an employer's plan may
provide a larger monthly payment for males than for females since females are expected to live longer.
principal.com 3ACCUTECH 401(K) RETIREMENT PLAN
Plan id: 471139
April 1, 2022 _ June 30, 2022
Participant name: DOWLESS CAMERON
Lifetime income projection (continued)
The estimated monthly payments in this statement are based on prevailing market conditions and other assumptions required
under federal regulations. If you decide to purchase an annuity, the actual payments you receive will depend on a number of
factors and may vary substantially from the estimated monthly payments in this statement. For example, your actual age at
retirement, your actual account balance (reflecting future investment gains and losses, contributions, distributions, and fees),
and the market conditions at the time of purchase will affect your actual payment amounts.
Unlike Social Security payments, the estimated monthly payments in this statement do not increase each year with a
cost-of-living adjustment. Therefore, as prices increase over time, the fixed monthly payments will buy fewer goods and services.
Important information
The vested balance is the amount that you would keep if you separated from your employer now.
In the event an inadvertent administrative error occurs when processing transactions related to your account, Principal Life Insurance Company will
restore any losses to your account if we are responsible, and will be entitled to retain amounts remaining after the error has been corrected.
Investors should carefully consider the Fund’s objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact your financial
professional or visit principal.com for a prospectus, or summary prospectus if available, containing this and other
information. Please read it carefully before investing.
To help take a step toward long-term retirement security, you should give careful consideration to the benefits of a well-balanced and diversified
investment portfolio. Spreading retirement funds among different types of investment options from various asset classes may help you achieve a
favorable rate of return, while helping minimize your overall risk of losing money. This is because market or other economic conditions that cause
one asset class, or particular security, to perform very well often cause another asset category, or another particular security, to perform poorly. If
you invest more than 20 percent of your retirement savings in any one company or industry, retirement funds may not be properly diversified.
Although diversification is not a guarantee against loss, it can be an effective strategy to help you manage investment risk.
In deciding how to invest retirement funds, you should take into account all your assets, including any retirement savings outside of the retirement
plan. No single approach is right for everyone because, among other factors, individuals have different financial goals, different time horizons for
meeting their goals, and different tolerances for risk.
It is also important to review your investment portfolio, your investment objectives, and the investment options under the retirement plan at least
annually or as significant events occur to help ensure that your retirement funds will meet your retirement goals.
Information on individual investing and diversification can be found on the Department of Labor’s website at
www.dol.gov/agencies/ebsa/laws-and-regulations/laws/pension-protection-act/investing-and-diversification
Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal.
Principal Life Insurance Company and its affiliates may earn compensation in the form of short term interest (“float”) on such things as uncashed
distribution checks or amounts awaiting investment.
The Principal Financial Group® may receive payments from investment option providers in connection with the investments offered under the plan.
Principal® takes these payments into consideration when determining plan administrative services fees.
Additions may include contributions you have made into the plan, contributions your employer has made into the plan, retirement funds you have
rolled into the plan or loan payments you have made.
Fees include certain plan and/or participant fees taken from participant accounts. For additional detail, see the “What Happened This Period”
section.
Gain/Loss may reflect plan fees taken from participant accounts as well as investment performance, taking into account the timing and amount of
deposits. For additional detail, see the “What Happened This Period” section.
Deducted Fees of $7.50 were deducted from the account this period. This included $7.50 for Third Party Adminstrator Fee.
The gain/loss includes $7.90 in fees paid to service provider(s) for plan administrative services this period.
principal.com 4ACCUTECH 401(K) RETIREMENT PLAN
Plan id: 471139
April 1, 2022 _ June 30, 2022
Participant name: DOWLESS CAMERON
Important information (continued)
The underlying investment options also have fees. Some of the plan’s administrative expenses were paid from the total investment expense of one
or more of the plan’s investment options. For these fee ratios, see your prospectus or other investment material a t www.principal.com.
Plan administrative services typically include items such as recordkeeping, participant website access, participant education, participant statements,
and financial professional services.
For more information about these investment options, including full names, please visit principal.com or call 1-800-547-7754 for assistance from a
retirement specialist.
Access the detail for each transaction, including transfers, on your account at principal.com.
Investments in the “Other” category are not assessed in the risk spectrum noted above. View the detailed descriptions of all asset classes.
Investment results shown represent historical performance and do not guarantee future results. Investment returns and principal values fluctuate
with changes in interest rates and other market conditions so the value, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than original costs.
Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data shown.
Transfer restrictions or redemption fees may apply to certain transactions. Please refer to the redemption fee and transfer restriction policy for each
investment.
As allowed by their prospectus, several mutual fund companies have decided to impose redemption fees and/or transfer restrictions on certain plan
and/or participant transactions. One or more of the investment options in your employer’s retirement plan may be impacted. For more information,
visit us at the Principal® Personal Account Login at principal.com.
This document is intended to be educational in nature and is not intended to be taken as a recommendation.
This plan uses permitted disparity which is a consideration of Social Security benefits for the purposes of determining some contributions under the
plan. For additional information, please refer to the Summary Plan Description (SPD).
You have continuous online access to your retirement account information a t www.principal.com. Your continuous online access includes the
ability to view fee details. You are required to receive certain benefit statement information at required intervals. As an alternative to receiving this
information online, the law requires that you or your beneficiaries are entitled to receive one paper copy of your retirement benefit statement per
reporting period (quarterly or annually) at no additional cost. If you wish to receive a paper benefit statement, please call 1-800-547-7754, Monday -
Friday, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Central time.
principal.com 5